this episode of the modern road brought
to you by hollow pillow head on over to
hollow pillow calm / rogue get up - $20
off and free shipping if you buy more
than what I was so good this is so wrong
but it's so right it's very soothing
this is what you're supposed to do with
them right they're just really big
stress ball use both hands
Wow
[Music]
that looks so amazing
holy cow Jason Murphy this is the part
of the movie where we go to the magical
blacksmith who makes the enchanted jeep
chop that allows us to slay the bad guy
yeah and we have an expert Jeep jump
maker here Chris Farrell from Fearghal
blades Chris how are you so nice to meet
you guys dude okay so what are we making
and what does it start off as we're
gonna take an ancient Texas relic yeah a
farriers rasp and we're gonna see how
much material I can stretch out of this
and make either a medieval style dagger
or a short sword those you don't know if
farriers rasp is what you use when your
horse shoeing horses okay
yeah just smooth it out to shape the
horse's hooves and to clean them up when
you're putting new shoes on them so in
keeping with the modern rogue philosophy
we're taking junk and turning it into a
weapon spoiler wrath okay so this is
what steel iron this is basically a high
carbon steel that you know it's been
kind of worn down now from use I assume
we're not gonna melt this all the way
down and then cast it since it's already
roughly the shape of some kind of blade
right no there'll be no melting
hopefully now that would be bad but you
have to post a melt no no melting is bad
but but Conan Conan is wrong stop stop
stop stop
we don't really pass the blade what we
do is we heat the steel up where it
behaves almost like clay and then we
manipulate the shape of it with the
hammer in the anvil the Forge runs at
about 1902
2,100 degrees we try not to get it up to
2100 degrees it's a little too hot
that's a food depth burn yeah excited so
what is the fuel that we're using for
this I use a propane Forge we got a big
tank of propane right there and it just
comes in through here kind of mixes with
some oxygen makes it a little bit hotter
and everything lying in here is just
what is this ceramic surf so basically
fire bricks and they basically keep the
heat in and reflect it in on itself and
it gets hotter and hotter but it doesn't
let too much of a distinct so it'll get
pretty toasty out here but not 1900
degrees toasty did you build your own
Forge did you couple this together no no
I have a terrible blacksmith I'm a blade
Smith so I focused entirely on making
blades I like to get forges from people
who made them perpetually now can you
can you give us a distinction between
Blake Smith and blacksmith a blacksmith
has a more general approach to they
don't just make blades they make
everything they make tools they they do
decorative iron work and stuff like that
and they're they're remarkably talented
I have a deeper focus on metallurgy and
taking the specific Steel's and knowing
how to heat treat those seals and
manipulating the steel purely in weapon
form what is the melting point of steel
around 2400 degrees it'll melt it'll
start earning it around 20
200 degrees I'm going to start burning
steel it's really an ISO that this will
never get so hot as to fully liquify
this yeah it shouldn't I mean it can if
I leave it in there for a long time it's
just keep retaining that heat and
that'll keep getting worse and worse
keep getting hotter and hotter oh wow
[Music]
that metaphor at play is so good cuz now
I really get the fact that it's not
liquid it's just soft
you've gotta act really fast yeah
it's also lengthening out as you mash it
it's yep rolling it out basic yeah what
I'm doing here is I'm drawing out the
tip so now it's a little too cool to be
hitting it with a hammer once the steel
starts to get cool it starts to get
harder and if I keep hitting it with a
hammer it's gonna make it start cracking
so you throw it back in the Forge at
this fell back in the Forge so this is
just kind of a heat hammer repeat thing
for awhile right now what I'm doing is
I'm drawing out the tip bringing that
steel down and I want it to come to a
point so as you're hitting it or you're
intentionally what's starting starting
farther in just kind of hitting it with
the intention of squeezing it out so
that it gets thinner and thinner and you
work your way out to the edge I'm kind
of pushing it down and pushing it up and
flattening it so that it all comes up
together you don't want to move too much
on the outside here what can happen is
you move the outsides too fast in the
middle not enough and you get kind of
like a fish mouth and we're gonna try to
avoid that by moving all of the material
fairly evenly at the same time just why
I keep slapping it
so is there a particular kind of color
grade that you're looking for where you
know it's no longer worth banging on
when it starts to cool into like a dark
red and out here we're in daylight now
so I'm probably I'm playing it a little
safe I probably could move it a little
bit more because in daylight it looks
darker than it is I'm sure but it
doesn't hurt you know it hurts when you
hit it too long and then you know you're
setting up micro fractures in the steel
and later on you find out when we finish
the blade and try and cut something with
it and it breaks yeah yeah that's bad is
it possible for Jason or aya to screw it
up by trying to help I mean I haven't
encountered a problem yet that I
couldn't fix I've never wanted back down
from a challenge
uhit where I hit okay go for it all
right all right getting a little bit of
a belly there you guys are going to have
to get that rhythm you gotta try this
okay it's amazing it's amazing now I got
to do one heat where I set up the next
the next around okay basically I have to
fix things yeah I could definitely tell
like like you were hitting everything
flat and even and in mind was like was
like clearly not landing right and it
was leaving these weird divots it just
takes a little bit of practice you know
you know eventually you get the feel of
where that hammer face is gonna be yeah
but you know a lot of it flat all the
way across what your strengths are you
putting into it you don't have to put a
lot of strength in in the hammering you
let the hammer head and the end will do
most of the work and you're basically
just kind of picking it up and dropping
it whenever you're out here like late at
night and it's sweaty you've had a bad
day and you're hammering on it there's
like lightning ever strike the anvil or
anything like that
every time I heard it I knew it uhit
where I hit you got it I'll do my best
try to do it flat I screwed it up a
little bit of fixing to do let's see
what else we can do to it I mean I guess
before you fix it all the way we should
have our resident Hema master Anthony
Anthony you wanna give it a try
sure we've already seen all this right
like they they take a pluck of your hair
and then they ask you a bunch of
questions and then you're given your
rondell and then you use it to stab
Malfoy the first technique I can talk
about godspeed I use side right
practice swinging right oh sure he's
gonna lose he's gonna do it so perfect
yeah there's gonna be see why can't you
be more like Anthony
Anthony's graded everything ready sure
all right now we're do some drawing out
the tip oh great so hit where I hit all
[Music]
right I would have screwed that right up
ha ha he's doing it to his mortal cut
not bad yeah well done so watching you
wipe down the envelope that I always
wondered nerdy things like how much
material do you lose not lunch from the
carbonization like have you weighed it
beforehand before and after well no most
of what you're seeing on the anvil is
called scale it's basically oxygen
that's cooking on the seal okay so it's
like our nation was here that's been
knocked back on you're not really losing
much from from the basket oh it looks
worse than it really is it was a lot
faster when it's just him yeah starting
to look steady
yeah so are we gonna leave the wrasse
penis on there I like to yeah that works
for me as much as possible by the time
it's all forced out and we start riding
it you're gonna lose quite a bit of it
but we'll see it ends up looking like
Dragon Skin
it should do now at this point just turn
it around and start forging out that
tang basically the part of the blade
that's gonna go into the handle Oh got
it
and we need a little bit more than that
I think Anthony gave you a look that
said you should know they talked about
this
yeah I'm just going to kind of bring
down these shoulders more
[Music]
I'm amazed at how much of this is just
eyeballing it as you go and for the
longest time I operated under the
illusion that the handle the blade the
hilt and everything but that was all one
solid piece of metal it can be they do
that there's a lot of different
construction methods where like like you
work the tang of the blade at into the
handle so like a slap handle design
where you kind of sandwich it between
two pieces of wood like we see with
kitchen knives okay yeah Oh gotcha okay
yeah yep and then there are other
construction methods like this one we
you kind of slim down down the tang and
you insert it through handle material
sometimes you can put it all the way
through the bottom and you put a pummel
on there and then you peen the the
little nub of Tang that's sticking out
fill that all with epoxy and then your
Pina clothes kind of creates a ribbon
so we're differently heading towards the
messer style right and that is the rough
tang
yeah I'll do a little more to it we got
a rough tang there quick little tip on
there and now it's all just refining all
these shapes drawing out the material to
make it a little bit longer dude you can
see what it wants to be in there that's
amazing
okay so now at this point we've got the
shape I assume we're not quite to the
part where we grind it down what's the
next thing we do well basically now I'm
done forging I have a basic profile of
the blade done what I'm gonna do now is
heat cycling I'm gonna throw it in the
Forge heat the whole blade up and let it
cool slowly I'm gonna do that twice what
does that accomplish and what that does
is all the work that we've done with the
hammer and anvil heating it and cooling
and heating and cooling it has made the
grain structure of the steel get very
very large and what we're gonna do is
heat cycle it so that it shrinks back
down and gets small we want that grain
structure to get as small as possible
and get a nice tight and strong blade
strengthen the bigger that grain
structure is a bigger the crystalline
structure in the steel is the more
likely it's going to crack and break and
not be very strong yeah it's definitely
getting warm over here yeah it's a
little warm you know if you get too
close to the string for too long you're
not gonna have much hair on your arms
anymore so all we're looking for is to
get to a place where everything is
red-hot and glowing and then cool off
basically to just sort of I don't know
is it weird to say let the metal know
like this is your home now this is the
shape that along yeah that's that's
actually pretty good analogy is it's not
exactly tempering tempering is usually
how I describe people relaxing the steel
we're taking all the stress from making
the blade and we're trying to remove as
much of it as possible this is a step
towards that we're doing a little bit
now and we're gonna stress it again when
we heat treat it because when you cool
the steel is very stressful it creates a
lot of stress within the metal and the
material so when you cool it you could
end up if you haven't done this
appropriately you could end up breaking
your blade yeah yeah actually that's
exactly why we do this juda looks so
magical are you kidding me all right now
is there a trick to the way that you're
holding it because I would imagine if
you just held it out it would kind of
wilt like a leaf well it's not so thin
that it will wilt this way yeah if I
were to hold it flat it could make it
kind of bend towards the ground a little
bit and right now just kind of keeping
it out and still air so that it cools
fairly slowly right when you pull it out
it's all glowing right if we inscribe it
with runes of the ancient tongue will it
remain blazing hot like that no that you
I read that on the Internet I don't know
if it's yeah sometimes you find stuff on
the internet so it's not really see I
told you and is there a rule of thumb
like is it you wanted to do it two or
three times I snuck one in before you
guys came over right on this will be our
third cycle
it looks so cool you look amazing
like like why can't it look like that
all the time I know now that this is
cooling we can turn off the forge and
then I'm gonna put a program in the
electric kiln and we're gonna modernize
this process a little I'm gonna put some
clay on here and then we're gonna do
what's called the differential heat
treat
you'll have varying stages of hardness
throughout the blade that's crazy I
would have thought the whole thing would
have been the same hardness oh yeah that
is another way to do it you can also do
a full hardness quench where the whole
blade will be the same hardness with
certain steels that's better
well let's turn this Forge off and I'll
let that cool down a little bit so we
want to let this get all the way down to
room temperature right yeah cuz I don't
I don't really want to touch it until
it's at least room temperature and put
clay on it now once it stops glowing how
do you have a sense of how hot it is you
go up to it like this oh you can feel
the heat and this kiln isn't
specifically for blacksmithing it's just
an electric kiln same if you were making
clay it's geared up and set up to work
mostly for blades but you could use it
to do pottery and stuff like that it's
the same programs and the same
temperature abilities but it's just kind
of set up flat and you know easier now
we're gonna put some refractory cement
on the blade in a mildly decorative
manner I'm unfamiliar with that what is
that basically a high temperature cement
or clay that will insulate the portions
of the blade in which it's applied to
and that will hold temperature for a
little while longer
when we quench it so that those parts of
the blade won't harden as much as the
exposed portions of the blade so the
edge portion of the blade will be much
harder than the back spine and why do
you want that I would assume you want
the edges harder so that they hold their
sharpness but you want everything else
softer so that if you clang it against
something it's gonna vibrate and not
snap have a little bit of give to it all
right that's
it's important that you get a uniform on
each side like about the same amount on
one side as the other yeah yeah you kind
of want to get it pretty close to the
same on both sides if you put too much
clay on one side not enough on the other
it's another reason why the blade will
Bend or bow in hey treat and come out
with a bow in it what's the the rough
weight on this right now right now yeah
maybe a pound and a half okay so pretty
light yeah yeah no this is gonna be a
very light plate once we get a handle on
there in a guard all the weight is gonna
fall back into the handle and it's gonna
be super light when you're forging a
sword do you worry about how its
weighted because you always hear about
that and like fantasy novels like oh
it's perfectly weighted and balanced and
so forth there's that something that you
put a lot of thought into yes cuz it's
important it's important the
functionality of the blade is paramount
you can make metallurgically a fantastic
blade but if it's too heavy and what's
the point you know a heavy blade just
means you die faster you have to be able
to hold this thing and wield it for an
indefinite amount of time there's no
guarantee you can stop after two swings
I usually have to stop after two swings
because they get tired really quickly
yeah that's good just asking into
battles are not good for you then yeah I
would avoid battles at all costs I try
to and and we're gonna get it up to what
the same temperature it was before no no
not that how we're gonna get it up to
about 1,500 degrees okay and then we're
gonna quench it in the battle oil I have
over here now why do we quench it in oil
instead of water because I always
picture it being a water thing yeah
water is a pretty aggressive quench
usually when you see water being used it
wasn't actually water it was um brine it
was salt water okay a heavy salt content
so that it would quench better because
usually if you were to go into water
what happens there's a Teresa steam yeah
it's a big paper jacket around this is
similar to why at high altitudes you put
salt in when you're boiling waters so it
raises the temperature to boil got it
okay however when you do that also is a
very aggressive quench and can lead to
cracking in a lot of Steel's certain
Steel's are really good to quench in
water this particular steel it's better
to use oil it doesn't matter the type of
oil
the same as motor oils no no no I mean
different oils have different flash
points peanut oil is actually has one of
the highest flash points for a natural
oil motor oil is very bad in my opinion
there's a good chance it's gonna burst
into flames if you put it in well it's
just that motor oil it contains a lot of
heavy metals and you know I have this
thing against breathing in heavy metals
I want to be able to do this for a long
time
motor oil and automatic transmission
fluid a very calm and a lot of guys use
that to quenching and it's not
necessarily bad for the blades but it's
not good for the person I use peanut oil
it's got a really high flash point I've
been using it for well over 15 years and
I haven't had a problem yet I usually
use gasoline it's I mean it's not super
effective but it is badass
ya know that's really cool as long as
you don't particularly like your house
very much so in this case it doesn't
really matter whether it's all the way
warmed up or not you just it's gonna get
up to 1,500 and sit there for a while
huh yeah and you said this takes about
how long this should get up to
temperature in about 40 minutes are you
ready we're already at 337 degrees right
on all right so we're now up to 1500
degrees how long does it sit at this
temperature before we take it out we can
have it sit for a couple minutes but
this particular steel doesn't really
need to hold that temperature for a
while I could just take it out and
clench it which is what we're gonna do
okay Wow that's your Conan moment that
you are wanting okay so this is peanut
oil it's going yeah Wow you're not
worried about the oil catching all right
yeah that was more dramatic than I
anticipated
in that moment we saw a little bit of
flame up top which I assume as it went
in you reach the flashpoint for just the
upper layer yeah meanwhile you have a
cold reservoir of all the rest of the
oil so it didn't last very long
yeah before it went out but in that time
it started at wicking away all of the
heat very quickly from the edges but
keep
the heat along the part that we covered
in clay right exactly
nailed it science that's adjacent
adjacent hmm we have a slight bow so how
do you how do you fix that area are we
hosed
I'm about a minute to fix it oh my gosh
I forgot about the timing thing on all
this I know there's gonna be that moment
in battle when my blade breaks and the
first thing that my mind jumps to is
when I'm hitting it in the wrong place
so letting it cool on the anvil like
this which is not necessarily good for
the anvil the anvil acts as a heat sink
and then pulling that heat down into it
might correct the belt so I can see like
less like barely a millimeter a bow
right here in the middle
what rules have changed now that we're
this far along in the process right now
the blade is very very hard even though
the clay was on there it's still very
hard okay so if I were to try and
correct it now
you increase your chance of snapping the
blade because it's so hard and what do
you do after it's been tempered because
after it's been tempered I assume it's a
little bit more brittle you worry about
snapping it is a just case you put it in
a vise and just sort of bend it like a
piece of plywood well when you temper it
basically you're kind of like finishing
that martensitic transition and you're
releasing a lot of the tension from the
actual heat treat so you're kind of
relaxing with steel which means you can
kind of push it a little bit more and
kind of bend it back into straight into
true and that's at your last window to
make any less yeah because we're pretty
much done as far as like heating it up
and cooling it down and stressing out
the blade from here on out it's all just
we temper it we you know so we finished
relieving that stress and then we're
just grinding we're not really putting
any more stress on them on the steel at
all but it was very very slight to begin
with it might be completely gone after
this is done cooling and if it's not
completely gone what is left over I'll
be able to get rid of after I temper it
you can also do this
what Bo
that's not too bad that's pretty
straight there's a little bit of a kick
and that'll probably come out we're
grinding nice with the blade itself for
the most part of straight
all right so we started with a rasp we
heated it we banged it into shape we
heat cycled it and then we what was the
last thing I did a heat treat heat treat
we did the heat treat put it in the
quench oil we quenched it there you go
and then finally you just basically
define the shape right because it was a
little bit kind of lopsided to call that
profiling profiling cleaned up the
profile a little bit so now that we've
got a pretty solid profile I'm holding
out hope we can do the the the mini baby
Messer but mostly this is gonna be a big
bowie knife I am so fine with a big big
bowie knife names okay and so is there
something special about this belt sander
so this is the main machine in the shop
where we do most of our grinding it's a
variable speed - by 72 grinder it's got
a 2 horsepower motor
what is this belt on air this is a
pretty aggressive 36 grit belt so this
is gonna eat material pretty quickly now
you're not just gonna be sharpening the
blade what else are you gonna be doing
well do it we will be sharpening it all
right now what we're going to be doing
is defining our our edge bevels okay
there side and then cleaning up these
shoulders here to define them more so
that you know when I put a guard on
it'll be easier to lock it in and set it
up appropriately and this is basically
just defining the final geometry of the
blade yeah and once that gets done it's
pretty much polished from there and
going up from 36 to 60 grit to 80 grit
120 to 20 it's getting finer and finer
holy cow it really is
[Music]
holy cow you could really see this thing
coming together at this point so you've
mainly worked on just the one side but
it seems like you got one edge to
represent how deep you want the the
bladed edge to be and then everything
else you're just trying to match that
yeah basically I'm bringing this down to
match this original plunge and then what
I'm gonna do is take this line in these
shoulders and I'm gonna push them
further up the blade as I move along so
that the bevel kind of establishes here
as a line right there and then comes
across the whole blade and go straight
down to an edge I think the farriers
rasp was an excellent choice because
that just looks like dragon skin it is
it should look pretty cool we're now at
the point where we've done the heavy
lifting on getting everything shaped and
now it's just a matter of just
fine-tuning the revision how many hours
of doing this are we looking at at this
point at least six to eight hours this
is where we do one of those little
sometime later things right yeah I think
so yeah I'm gonna guess from the fact
that it's 97 degrees that time has
passed it's a second ago we were
freezing and huddling over the fire yes
a forge but yes now we are back Chris
you had Renaissance Festival season and
all sorts of things going on what's
happened since last we spoke
okay well I have stayed true to the
initial build was we're gonna do this in
two days so I actually did not work on
it these are the ethics that we expect
from our modern rogues you know until I
got an email yesterday that you guys
were coming and I decided I should
probably finish this plate when we left
off we had forged it out and we're
starting on grinding so I've made the
handle
yep shaped the handle I did a
multi-piece frame handle for it and
that's where you take two or three
pieces of wood you shape it so that it
nests in with the tang and then you fuse
them together with the epoxy or a
super-gay or something so what steps do
we have left put a pin in the handle so
the pin in the handle I'm gonna assume
that in stress in combat or whatever
they can fracture a part and a pin all
the way through so
fuses everything yeah it kind of gives
it like a lever inside it's a it's a
mechanical connection that holds
everything together and it also gives
some relief on the handle so when
there's strain put on the blade and
pushing back into the Tang into the
handle it takes strain off of the handle
and puts a lot of it on that pin so yes
this is where we're at now okay so at
this point we're not sharp I was just
waiting for blood just to come running
I still love the way it looks like some
kind of Dragon Scale on the side I love
the rough edge on here I love that it's
a giant bowie knife I think we should
dub this the baby Messer bowie the baby
Messer Bowie so I'm gonna drill the hole
for the pin okay we're gonna put the pin
in let the glue dry real quick and then
I'll paint it whoa when you're drilling
the holes do you worry about the drill
going straight down into the tank no I
want it to go into the thing okay so to
find everything and and and how do you
know if you're barely nicking the side
or going straight through the center I'm
very lucky no III know where the tank
sits in the handle from what I glued it
all up all right let's do that let's
jump in
everything will be fine there's the tank
yes nothing has gone wrong yet just need
to cut our pin make sure it fits
yeah it'll fit all right well you got a
pin hole and on to the next stage
[Music]
usually I would do this with epoxy but
we're a little short on time many
superglue is just really really really
fast epoxy so it's not really a big deal
that'll work
we're doing a lot of short cuts so get
off some of this excess let it dry and
then we'll cut off the extra and then
I'll paint it and then the hard work
starts
[Laughter]
[Music]
okay all right so we have a hole drilled
through the handle through the Tang we
put wet lay basically a nail and we
pinged it on both sides to square it off
so you probably don't get this request
very often but um sharp but not too
sharp when you put like a rubber coating
or maybe maybe make it really round like
those scissors you get when you're in
kindergarten no no if in bladesmithing
we believe in accountability I like that
so grandpa shark yep I'm teaching life
lessons all right let's go all right
look I'm no expert but that looks pretty
sharp yeah how do you tell whether or
not it's sharp well you know you're
running across the belt a bunch of times
and then you just give us some tests
that'll do
it's sharpish I don't feel worthy to
even touch it but I just feel like is it
gonna fall to the ground like Mjolnir
yes straight through of my foot okay
here we go so you do a slicing and I
like the way everybody's back mmm I
don't want to look how's it feels feel
good I don't even look I'm a neophyte
hold on nope
I'm bad at this there push cut yeah
pretty sure it's very sharp so what's
left of it Oh what's left at this point
well at this point now we're just gonna
do a quick H on it and a final polish
and it's done I turn this back to you
good sir okay you're usually a little
bit better of a polish we've got a
pretty decent polish on it but for a
quick two-day build not too bad not too
shabby
what I'm doing here is I'm cleaning the
blade off with acetone which will get
rid of any residual oils or anything
that's been left on the blade from
grinding and polishing and handling so
it won't interrupt how the asset edges
and oil or you know grime will act as a
resist to the acid and you know get a
bunch of uneven itching and weird little
spots this is ferric chloride it's a
fairly mild acid they used it for
etching circuit boards things like that
it's kind of like a controlled corrosion
and a little darken up the blade and
give it some character I much prefer
this type of look more whether it's
style and looks like something I'm not
afraid to use or get dirty they'll put a
couple coats on and then I'll neutralize
the acid in water and clean it off with
steel wool and I'll repeat this process
another one or two more times and as you
can see already there's a very big
difference with how the blade looks off
to the water bucket
now we dry it off hit it with acetone
again and repeat the process god that
looks amazing so at this point the
ferric chloride and the vinegar are
eating into the tiny cracks and crevices
and etches giving it a little bit more
character well they're kind of eating
into the steel as a whole they're just
kind of oxidizing it very very rapidly
it's like a controlled rust really how
important is the timing and all this we
want to cut it and leave it for how long
you generally don't want to leave this
stuff on for more than like 20 minutes
all right try that off so this is after
a thorough washing it this might put
some last time and put oil on it it's
done well it's functional it's not done
cuz I haven't polished the handle and
made that the wood look all party but
done ish so in the olden days this would
have been what just a giant slab of iron
ore that they would have started with
they would have started with some smelt
that steel well it depends on the time
period you're talking yeah sure
the time period that the Messrs were
being made they were using high carbon
steel so they would have smelted some
some steel using iron and charcoal steel
is just iron and a little something
extra it could be zinc it could be
charcoal could be carbon mono steel is
very specifically iron and carbon okay
there are other elements that can be
added that add to the you know the the
alloys that you can add to it that will
change the properties but steel in
general especially like medieval style
European steel would be just straight
high carbon steel which would be ranging
anywhere from like 0.5 0.4 on the low
end to 0.95% in carbon and iron maybe
some trace elements in there but that
was basically it
holy cow are we done is this the thing
this is like a knife slash sword minus
some oil that's it what did you call it
a mess I may i sir yeah the etiquette of
any of this you say a Messer blade a
short sword I would call it a baby
Messer bowie I think you just made that
up and I'm okay with that
put this in your hands and tell me size
of like a Gladius or something right
this is oh it feels right maybe we
should let the patrons name it and have
a a christening ceremony patreon.com
slash modern robe they get to decide but
in the meantime we're can everybody see
more of Chris's stuff oh man you can
find me at fear go blades on Facebook if
your goal aids on etsy I also have a
patreon under fear gall blades I feel
like you're the doctor who was just like
whipping off the gloves
like and then you turn and you flip your
hair and you're like this blade is clean
that was a poltergeist rift no I got it
you know Texas you can just carry this
around so I'm gonna go see if I can get
kicked out of Arby's
I want the horsey sauce Jason Murphy on
the great list of things we can
advertise on our Channel the weirdest
one I can think of is a buckwheat pillow
but oh my god I love it so much
they're so good it can't do without it
with the hollow pillow I have increased
my sleeping productivity from you know
six or seven hours a night you know how
many hours I'm sleeping for night now
six to seven and a half easy 16 easy 16
hours a night is it because that the
buckwheat keeps you cool on both sides
it doesn't get you all warm on one side
or is it because of the soothing noise
it makes is you adjust and you get kind
of like this white noise thing once I
lay my head down on the hollow pillow
yeah do not move man it just conforms to
the shape of my head because it's a
buckwheat inside and I lay there like a
core see for me it's because it's like a
freaking transformer so I'm always I
always have earphones in when I go to
bed cuz I listen to podcasts or some
kind of meditation or whatever I love
the fact that I'm able to sit and I
karate-chopped a trough and then I'll
eight and it's perfect and I just Boop
and I'm asleep and it's awesome does
your wife get mad when you do the karate
chop do you do the yell as well okay I
probably should have mentioned that I
karate chop my wife and then go to bed
that's how she's with you just get her
focus style good everything from the way
it breathes to the to the heft of it to
the noise that it makes all of it puts
me straight to sleep it's the best meal
I've ever had
hello pillow calm / rogue if you get
more than one first of all you get to
try it for free second of all you could
save up to 20 dollars per pillow Plus
pre-shipping holo pillow calm / world
keep us in business and sleep like a
true rogue that's okay now you're making
it weird but I don't want to take okay
smells like you the karate taught me
right here just sleep we walk around
Austin somebody pulls a knife we're like
that's not a knife neither is this this
is a Messer used to be that certain
people couldn't carry swords so they got
a long knife like this anyway good
talking knives with you bye
well what's longer than this actually
muggers are often deterred by medieval
history lessons